Remember when you first saw JSX?
You might have thought it was a little strange mixing markup into your JavaScript.
But as you got more used to it,
you probably learned to really like it.
React's separation of concern is at the component level,
not at the technology level.
Now the question becomes,
what are the concerns of a component?
Now, in my opinion,
a component has two primary concerns: state and presentation.
React components have local state,
and JSX manages the markup portion of the presentation.
But to me, presentation is more than just markup,
it's the combination of markup and styles.
So I propose that we move our styles out of the style-sheets,
and into the component level.
Now, it sounds crazy,
but it's actually a fairly common pattern in the React community.
So much, that it's React Native's primary pattern for styling components.
So, do we just have the CSS live inside of the component?
Well, this may seem weird to you if you're not used to the idea,
but to style applications in React Native instead of using CSS as you used to,
you actually just use JavaScript.
Let's look at an example.